The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. – Bruce Lee 
Don’t dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer. – Denis Waitley 
Concentration can be cultivated. One can learn to exercise willpower, discipline one’s body and train one’s mind. – Anil Ambani 
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems – not people; to focus your energies on answers – not excuses. – William Arthur Ward 
The key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but on significance. – Oprah Winfrey 
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days. – Zig Ziglar 
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. – Will Durant 
Whether you’re 9 or 90, stop trying to fix the things you’re bad at, and focus on the things you’re good at. – Gary Vaynerchuk 
Most people have no idea of the giant capacity we can immediately command when we focus all of our resources on mastering a single area of our lives. – Tony Robbins 
You don’t get results by focusing on results. You get results by focusing on the actions that produce results. – Mike Hawkins 
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus. – Alexander Graham Bell 
Instead of focusing on that circumstances that you cannot change – focus strongly and powerfully on the circumstances that you can. – Joy Page 
You simply can’t effectively focus on 2 important things at once. – Gary Keller 
My success, part of it certainly, is that I have focused in on a few things. – Bill Gates 
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don’t do too many things wrong. – Warren Buffett 
If I’m going to screw this thing up, it’s not going to be from a lack of focus. – Cliff Lerner 
When walking, walk. When eating, eat. – Zen Proverb 
Energy is the essence of life. Every day you decide how you’re going to use it by knowing what you want and what it takes to reach that goal, and by maintaining focus. – Oprah Winfrey 
Focus 90% of your time on solutions and only 10% of your time on problems. – Anthony J. D’Angelo 
We get what we motionally focus on! Focus on what we want with passion and excitement, and presto! It’s on its way. – Lynn Grabhorn 
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive. – Matt Cameron 
Always remember, your focus determines your reality. – George Lucas 
I focus on one thing and one thing only – that’s trying to win as many championships as I can. – Kobe Bryant 
It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. – Og Mandino 
Focus on the possibilities for success, not on the potential for failure. – Napoleon Hill 
I only want to do better work. That’s the focus of my life. – Ajay Devgan 
The direction of your focus is the direction your life will move. Let yourself move toward what is good, valuable, strong and true. – Ralph Marston 
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power. – Brian Tracy 
Learning how to rein in your thoughts and focus is going to help you to achieve your goals in life. Without focus, you can never achieve anything. – Eric Phillips 
I learned to focus and work hard and not give up. I learned that every obstacle is really an opportunity. – Jenna Ushkowitz 
Focus is a matter of deciding what things you’re not going to do. – John Carmack 
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance. – Joel Osteen 
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new. – Socrates 
Our focus is our future and what we focus on will multiply in our life. – David Denotaris 
Discovering what you really want saves you endless confusion and wasted energy. – Stuart Wilde 
Focusing on what you don’t have keeps you too preoccupied to enjoy the things you do have! – Andrew Farland 
Taking time to evaluate your level of happiness places your focus on happiness and will cause it to increase. – Will Bowen 
Focus on the journey, not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it. – Greg Anderson 
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire, not things we fear. – Brian Tracy 
Your attention has value. Don’t give it away. They will say it’s important but it’s not. Stay focused. – Maxime Lagacé 
Develop the habit of letting small bad things happen. If you don’t, you’ll never find time for the life-changing big things. – Tim Ferriss 
Success demands singleness of purpose. – Vince Lombardi 
Sometimes success is 3% brains and 97% not getting distracted by the Internet. – Shane Parrish 
You will never reach your destination if you stop and throw stones at every dog that barks. – Winston Churchill 
Concentration is the secret of strength in politics, in war, in trade, in short in all management of human affairs. – Ralph Waldo Emerson 
I’ll live the focused life, because it’s the best kind there is. – Winifred Gallagher 
Only through focus can you do world-class things, no matter how capable you are. – Bill Gates 
Success at anything will always come down to this – focus and effort. And we control both. – Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) 
In a world deluged by irrelevant information, clarity is power. – Yuval Noah Harari 
It is not enough to be busy. So are the ants. The question is – What are we busy about? – Henry David Thoreau 
If there are nine rabbits on the ground and you want to catch one, just focus on one. – Jack Ma (Alibaba) 
Focus does not mean saying yes, it means saying no. – Steve Jobs 
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. – Aristotle 
I learned that focus is key. Not just in your running a company, but in your personal life as well. – Tim Cook (Apple) 
Knowing what to leave out is just as important as knowing what to focus on. – Warren Buffett 
Those who focus best are relatively immune to emotional turbulence. – Daniel Goleman 
It’s not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential. – Bruce Lee 
Focus like a laser, not a flashlight. – Michael Jordan 
Too much sugar leads to a heavy body, and too many distractions lead to a heavy mind. – Naval Ravikant 
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts. – Søren Kierkegaard 
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger. – Arnold Palmer 
If I had an hour to solve a problem, I’d spend 55 minutes thinking about the problem and 5 minutes thinking about solutions. – Albert Einstein 
The main thing is to keep the main thing a main thing. – Stephen R.Covey 
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. – Buddha 
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe. – Dalai Lama 
Don’t make excuses for why you can’t get it done. Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen. – Ralph Marston 
Focus is more important than genius. – Greg McKeown 
The first requisite of success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem without growing weary. – Thomas A. Edison 
FOCUS – Follow One Course Until Successful. – Robert T. Kiyosaki 
Multitasking is the sign of a stressed and diseased mind simultaneously doing many things poorly. Quality work and quality thinking require quiet focus. – Thibaut 
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. – Harriet Beecher Stow